c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriendModule.baml
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriendModule.g.cs
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.g.resources
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\bin\Debug\AddFriend.dll
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\bin\Debug\AddFriend.pdb
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.dll
c:\users\itexplore\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.pdb
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\bin\Debug\vChat.Model.dll
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChatModule\AddFriend\bin\Debug\vChat.Model.pdb
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\bin\Debug\AddFriend.dll
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\bin\Debug\AddFriend.pdb
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriendModule.baml
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriendModule.g.cs
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.g.resources
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.dll
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\AddFriend.pdb
C:\Users\ITExplore\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\vChat\vChatModule\AddFriend\obj\Debug\vChat.Module.AddFriend.Properties.Resources.resources
